#  1. Shortest Path to Get All Keys

[site](https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-path-to-get-all-keys/)

We are given a 2-dimensional `grid`. `"."` is an empty cell, `"#"` is a wall, `"@"` is the starting point, (`"a"`, `"b"`, ...) are keys, and (`"A"`, `"B"`, ...) are locks.

We start at the starting point, and one move consists of walking one space in one of the 4 cardinal directions. We cannot walk outside the grid, or walk into a wall. If we walk over a key, we pick it up. We can't walk over a lock unless we have the corresponding key.

For some 1 <= K <= 6, there is exactly one lowercase and one uppercase letter of the first `K` letters of the English alphabet in the grid. This means that there is exactly one key for each lock, and one lock for each key; and also that the letters used to represent the keys and locks were chosen in the same order as the English alphabet.

Return the lowest number of moves to acquire all keys. If it's impossible, return `-1`.

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: ["@.a.#","###.#","b.A.B"]
Output: 8
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: ["@..aA","..B#.","....b"]
Output: 6
```

 

**Note:**

1. `1 <= grid.length <= 30`
2. `1 <= grid[0].length <= 30`
3. `grid[i][j]` contains only` '.'`, `'#'`, `'@'`, `'a'-``'f``'` and `'A'-'F'`
4. The number of keys is in `[1, 6]`. Each key has a different letter and opens exactly one lock.



# 2. Car Pooling

[site](https://leetcode.com/problems/car-pooling/)

You are driving a vehicle that has `capacity` empty seats initially available for passengers. The vehicle **only** drives east (ie. it **cannot** turn around and drive west.)

Given a list of `trips`, `trip[i] = [num_passengers, start_location, end_location]` contains information about the `i`-th trip: the number of passengers that must be picked up, and the locations to pick them up and drop them off. The locations are given as the number of kilometers due east from your vehicle's initial location.

Return `true` if and only if it is possible to pick up and drop off all passengers for all the given trips. 

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: trips = [[2,1,5],[3,3,7]], capacity = 4
Output: false
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: trips = [[2,1,5],[3,3,7]], capacity = 5
Output: true
```

**Example 3:**

```
Input: trips = [[2,1,5],[3,5,7]], capacity = 3
Output: true
```

**Example 4:**

```
Input: trips = [[3,2,7],[3,7,9],[8,3,9]], capacity = 11
Output: true
```

 

 

**Constraints:**

1. `trips.length <= 1000`
2. `trips[i].length == 3`
3. `1 <= trips[i][0] <= 100`
4. `0 <= trips[i][1] < trips[i][2] <= 1000`
5. `1 <= capacity <= 100000`



# 3. Minimum Subsequence in Non-Increasing Order

[site](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-subsequence-in-non-increasing-order/)

Given the array `nums`, obtain a subsequence of the array whose sum of elements is **strictly greater** than the sum of the non included elements in such subsequence. 

If there are multiple solutions, return the subsequence with **minimum size** and if there still exist multiple solutions, return the subsequence with the **maximum total sum** of all its elements. A subsequence of an array can be obtained by erasing some (possibly zero) elements from the array. 

Note that the solution with the given constraints is guaranteed to be **unique**. Also return the answer sorted in **non-increasing** order.

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: nums = [4,3,10,9,8]
Output: [10,9] 
Explanation: The subsequences [10,9] and [10,8] are minimal such that the sum of their elements is strictly greater than the sum of elements not included, however, the subsequence [10,9] has the maximum total sum of its elements. 
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: nums = [4,4,7,6,7]
Output: [7,7,6] 
Explanation: The subsequence [7,7] has the sum of its elements equal to 14 which is not strictly greater than the sum of elements not included (14 = 4 + 4 + 6). Therefore, the subsequence [7,6,7] is the minimal satisfying the conditions. Note the subsequence has to returned in non-decreasing order.  
```

**Example 3:**

```
Input: nums = [6]
Output: [6]
```

 

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= nums.length <= 500`
- `1 <= nums[i] <= 100`



# 4. Find the Town Judge

[site](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-town-judge/)

In a town, there are `N` people labelled from `1` to `N`. There is a rumor that one of these people is secretly the town judge.

If the town judge exists, then:

1. The town judge trusts nobody.
2. Everybody (except for the town judge) trusts the town judge.
3. There is exactly one person that satisfies properties 1 and 2.

You are given `trust`, an array of pairs `trust[i] = [a, b]` representing that the person labelled `a` trusts the person labelled `b`.

If the town judge exists and can be identified, return the label of the town judge. Otherwise, return `-1`.

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: N = 2, trust = [[1,2]]
Output: 2
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: N = 3, trust = [[1,3],[2,3]]
Output: 3
```

**Example 3:**

```
Input: N = 3, trust = [[1,3],[2,3],[3,1]]
Output: -1
```

**Example 4:**

```
Input: N = 3, trust = [[1,2],[2,3]]
Output: -1
```

**Example 5:**

```
Input: N = 4, trust = [[1,3],[1,4],[2,3],[2,4],[4,3]]
Output: 3
```

 

**Note:**

1. `1 <= N <= 1000`
2. `trust.length <= 10000`
3. `trust[i]` are all different
4. `trust[i][0] != trust[i][1]`
5. `1 <= trust[i][0], trust[i][1] <= N`



# 5. Flower Planting With No Adjacent

[site](https://leetcode.com/problems/flower-planting-with-no-adjacent/)

You have `N` gardens, labelled `1` to `N`. In each garden, you want to plant one of 4 types of flowers.

`paths[i] = [x, y]` describes the existence of a bidirectional path from garden `x` to garden `y`.

Also, there is no garden that has more than 3 paths coming into or leaving it.

Your task is to choose a flower type for each garden such that, for any two gardens connected by a path, they have different types of flowers.

Return **any** such a choice as an array `answer`, where `answer[i]` is the type of flower planted in the `(i+1)`-th garden. The flower types are denoted 1, 2, 3, or 4. It is guaranteed an answer exists.

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: N = 3, paths = [[1,2],[2,3],[3,1]]
Output: [1,2,3]
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: N = 4, paths = [[1,2],[3,4]]
Output: [1,2,1,2]
```

**Example 3:**

```
Input: N = 4, paths = [[1,2],[2,3],[3,4],[4,1],[1,3],[2,4]]
Output: [1,2,3,4]
```

 

**Note:**

- `1 <= N <= 10000`
- `0 <= paths.size <= 20000`
- No garden has 4 or more paths coming into or leaving it.
- It is guaranteed an answer exists.



